Document client properties (#219)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/reference.mdx

Discord's Gateway API is used for maintaining persistent, stateful WebSocket connections between your client and Discord servers. These connections are used for sending and receiving real-time events your client can use to track and update local state. The Gateway API uses secure WebSocket connections as specified in [RFC 6455](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6455). For information on opening Gateway connections, please see the [Gateway API](/topics/gateway#connections) section.

## Client Properties

> Client properties, or "super properties", contain tracking information about the client that is used for analytics and A/B testing purposes. These properties are sent in the Gateway [Identify](/topics/gateway-events#identify) payload and included with every HTTP request using the `X-Super-Properties` header as a base-64 encoded JSON object.

Reviewer: "about the client that is used for analytics" might sound misleading
"every HTTP request" isn't clear enough that it's only outgoing requests imo
and I've never seen someone say "base-64" :p
```suggestion
Client properties, or "super properties", contain tracking information about the current client, used for analytics and A/B testing purposes. These properties are sent in the Gateway [Identify](/topics/gateway-events#identify) payload and included with every outgoing HTTP request using the `X-Super-Properties` header as a base64-encoded JSON object.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe also a brief note about anti-spam so people don't mistake it as an optional header for user accounts?

<Alert type="warn">

While including this header is not required, it is highly recommended due to its significance in anti-abuse systems. Additionally, many experimental features require a recent client build number to be specified in this header to function.

</Alert>

###### Client Properties Structure

Due to the nature of client properties, the structure of this object is not well-defined, and no field is truly required.
Additionally, types of fields are not verified, and all documented enums are merely conventions. Fields are marked as required if it's observed that they are sent in all official client properties.

| Field                                           | Type     | Description                                                                                                                                                                            |
| ----------------------------------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | os                                              | string   | The [operating system of the client](#operating-system-type)                                                                                                                           |
> | os_version                                      | string   | The operating system version (kernel version for Linux, SDK version for Android)                                                                                                       |
> | os_sdk_version? **(deprecated)**                | string   | The Android operating system SDK version                                                                                                                                               |
> | os_arch?                                        | string   | The architecture of the operating system                                                                                                                                               |
> | app_arch?                                       | string   | The architecture of the desktop application                                                                                                                                            |
> | browser ^1^                                     | string   | The [browser the client is using](#browser-type)                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: Only `os` and `client_build_number` are needed to unlock experiments with a minimum client version requirement. `browser` doesn't seem to make a difference.

```suggestion
| os ^1^                                             | string   | The [operating system of the client](#operating-system-type)                                                                                                                           |
| os_version                                      | string   | The operating system version (kernel version for Linux, SDK version for Android)                                                                                                       |
| os_sdk_version? **(deprecated)**                | string   | The Android operating system SDK version                                                                                                                                               |
| os_arch?                                        | string   | The architecture of the operating system                                                                                                                                               |
| app_arch?                                       | string   | The architecture of the desktop application                                                                                                                                            |
| browser                                      | string   | The [browser the client is using](#browser-type)                                                                                                                                       |
```
